Come a little closer and lend me your
ears.
Don't worry,
you keep yours while I keep mine.
In each episode,
we'll dig into the major stories,
uncover the truth and retrieve gems from
Yahowah's blog.
We'll discuss what's right,
bark about what's wrong,
wag our tails at the thrill of discovery
and take you on adventures through the
exciting world we live in today.
So,
fasten your curiosity leash and get ready.
Right then,
coming to you with another episode of the
Yada's Blog on a Blog.
Tomorrow's news disseminated today.
Let's dive in.
Oh,
it's evident that Wookie is better
attired, more articulate than I am.
And he's living the life.
Look, and he's yachting and...
has the very fine studio.
It's wonderful to be introduced by the
Wookie.
Thank you, Wook.
We're going to return now that we are
in our library studio with where we left
off in the last word picture.
We are presenting Dowd's Recovery.
It is in the hundred and sixteenth Mizmowr
or psalm,
and it is after we've had the double
interventions.
Both Yahowah has sent his ‘Amah,
his most productive mother,
to be a surrogate mother for Verdot.
And she got his attention.
She talked to him about the issues he
was having with alcoholism and depression
and overemphasizing the physical as
opposed to the spiritual,
and particularly being fixated with his
Basar body as opposed to his nephesh
soul.
After she had garnered his attention,
caused him to be receptive,
then it would be me who would meet
with him.
I was operating under the name Ethan Ha
'Ezrachy at the time.
It's very insightful.
We'll examine it as we make our way
through this material,
and you'll understand why I came to the
understanding that this is the second
part of that intervention that led to this
marvelous retort by Dowd and recovery.
So that everyone is mindful of Dowd had
been in service to Yah and to Yisrael,
the covenant family,
since he was eight years old and continued
to do so quite well.
In fact,
probably better than anyone up to the time
that he was fifty six years old when
the wheels fell off and he put himself
in a very difficult position with Yahowah.
Excuse me.
And after doing so,
he rather than admit that he had made
a mistake rather than
getting up once he had fallen,
he kind of wallowed in his depravity there
for a while.
And so God was not going to intervene
directly.
He doesn't do that sort of thing,
particularly when off the rails.
He inserted someone in this case to
somebody as a husband and wife,
a surrogate mother and father for Dowd to
get his life back on track.
And as a result, well, here we are.
And he would say, I myself said,
I testified in my sorrowful depression and
alarming condition, that's where he was,
following the Bathsheba incident,
with my hasteful disappointment and
impetuous anxiety,
my panic and my dismay and my impulsive
emotional instability and my rash
disenchantment.
my hot-headed outburst and my apprehension
that everybody lies.
The entirety of the human race is deceived
and deceptive, dishonest and delusional,
deluded by false gods and destined to
failure.
That was Psalm one, sixteen, eleven.
Well, as we know,
following his bad judgment regarding
Bathsheba and then him lashing out at God
after the affair,
In that prior depressed state,
since he was being disingenuous,
he assumed that, well,
everyone was dishonest.
And at the time,
he projected his assessment upon God.
But after recalibrating his thinking,
he realized that it was he who had
been wrong.
And Yahowah could be trusted,
and so could those who were speaking for
him.
So in a general sense,
apart from Yahowah and the few he has
chosen to project his testimony,
everyone does lie.
And the political schemes are made to
appear believable through babble,
commingling truth and lies to make
counterfeits appear credible.
And the larger the institution,
the greater and more credible the
deceptions.
Even today,
this is the bane of democracy and of
AI,
both of which are biased in favor of
popular appeal and thus in favor of
religion and politics,
which are in opposition to God,
but are the most popular institutions
among men.
Dowd's assessment was pretty accurate.
Now, as we considered Dowd's next refrain,
this is the first that I'm neither certain
I nor my wife inspired.
Our perspective is that Yahowah has clearly
stated what he wants in return for all
he has afforded us.
In fact,
we earn what he has to give by
offering him what he expects in return.
There is no reason to ask God for
something he has previously articulated.
Nevertheless, Dowd would write,
what will I return?
Shoot,
what will I bring back and restore to
Yahowah for all of his goodness,
generosity, advantages,
and benefits to me?
Well,
my good news is that our king has
grown from being embittered to
appreciative.
But again,
we ought not ask God what we shall
offer him in return for all that he
has been willing to give us in terms
of the benefits of the covenant.
They are articulated.
God's made it really clear.
This is what I want you to do.
But maybe it was just Dowd saying,
you know,
the magnitude of how he has been favored
by Yah deserves a special dispensation,
a special amount of devotion.
And he would follow through and,
of course, fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
which is as devoted as anyone has ever
been.
So perhaps his question was even answered
by what follows.
This reads, the cup,
the vessel of Yashayah,
deliverance and salvation,
I will lift up and carry.
Yeah, that is indeed the answer.
And in that name of Yahowah,
I will be summoned and called.
I will read aloud and be welcomed as
I am appointed to the Miqra'ey, Qarah.
So it's indeed true.
This was Dowd's response.
He lived up to his calling.
As God had returned to him and he
returned to God,
ultimately they would collaborate on the
spring Miqra'ey.
And so the cup that Dowd would uphold
of Yashayah
Cup of salvation, of deliverance,
is the one that Dowd would lift and
carry.
He fulfilled Pesach,
opening the door to life.
Matsah, carrying our guilt and disheel.
And then, Bikuwrym,
becoming the firstborn of firstborn
children.
It is the cup of Yeshua,
of deliverance and salvation.
And it was born by God.
note himself our king in a second of
three lives it was something he nasa he
would bear lift up so as to provide
salvation and within in the name of Yahowah
he says i will be summoned i will
be called i will be read aloud and
welcomed as i am appointed to the Miqra'ey
car i'm invited i'm called out i'm
designated known recited and met with
mentioned by name
And indeed that is true.
Qara is the verbal base of Miqra'ey and
in the plural Miqra'ey,
the difference between Qara and Miqra'ey is
that the,
my prefix encourages us to ponder the
implications of being invited, called out,
designated, appointed, summoned,
and of reading and reciting as we are
welcomed to meet with God.
So ask and answered, I suppose.
Dowd would show his appreciation for
Yahowah by following through on his
calling.
He would fulfill chag Matsah and thereby
complete his life's mission.
He would become our savior, although
You know, to do so,
it would take a second of three lives.
It would be a thousand years thereafter,
and he would do exactly as he would
report in the twenty-second and
eighty-eighth Mizmowr,
suffer crucifixion to fulfill Passover,
and then enter hell for a heavenly cause
in the fulfillment of Matsah,
so that we could all enjoy bukkurim.
he would indeed, nasa, lift our burdens.
He would carry them away.
This is one of many affirmations that Dowd
not only restored his relationship with
the Yahowah,
but came to understand the very purpose of
his life and the value of what he
would achieve in collaboration with the
Yahowah.
So now that we are aware of what
the King
had to say he actually knew the answer
to his question, did he not?
And we can take credit for sharing this
with him.
This is something that we impressed upon
him.
It was the purpose of our parental
council.
And while that is reassuring,
recognizing that Leah and I were the
first to realize that Dowd fulfilled the
Spring Miqra'ey,
we were also the first to ascertain what
God wants most from us.
And that is Shalem for us to finish
the job that we have been given to
see it through.
These are two powerful discoveries that
the very people who made these discoveries
are the one that shared them with Dowd
who then fulfilled them.
My promise and offering to Yahowah,
I will complete, he said.
Shalowm.
Totally satisfying and fulfilling the
purpose.
Conspicuously in all earnestness as a
corresponding counterpart publicly before
all of his people.
Psalm one, sixteen, fourteen.
It is the very thing,
these last two statements,
that we have re-emphasized and affirmed
and introduced and discovered and shared
and, well,
in as many ways as words allow.
Dowd answered the call and fulfilled the
Miqra'ey.
And in so doing, he delivered Yeshua,
salvation.
That is his promise.
That was his offering.
That was his nadir,
vow of personal service to Yahowah.
He restored his relationship with God and
therefore was in a position to shelem,
totally complete, satisfying,
fulfilling the purpose of his life.
He would bring it to fruition.
He would do so conspicuously and all
earnestness as a corresponding
counterpart, publicly, Nagyd,
before all of his people.
Indeed, at the crossroads of civilization.
Year, four thousand year.
In Jerusalem, the city of Dowd, Yahuwdah,
the province of the beloved of Yah.
just as he had foretold.
So the king promised to do what was
most needed.
He, and again, conspicuously,
as Yahowah's counterpart,
in full transparency,
served as the Passover lamb by allowing
the Romans to crucify his body at the
crossroads of the world
It's a shame that his people didn't
recognize what he accomplished on their
behalf.
And for not having done so,
they would deceive and deprive themselves
through the religions of Judaism,
Christianity, and Islam.
Their king, their savior,
offered them everything.
And they threw it all away.
You know,
when you read something that this is
disaffirming of what you've come to know,
and you realize that you were the first
to come to know it and to share
it boldly and prove it,
and you find affirmation after
affirmation,
sometimes you just shake your head and
say, why did everyone else miss it?
Millions, billions.
have had access to these same texts,
and they all missed it.
Why?
Well, clear that Dowd said it.
He did what he said,
and so will I.
And most have chosen to ignore and reject
his gift and will reject mine.
Exceedingly rare and influential,
highly valued and honored,
treasured and respected for their
intrinsic worth.
In the eyes of Yahowah is the death
of the physical bodies of his Chacyd,
his most reliable and devoted ones.
Mizmowr
Song, Psalm, 116:15
Boom, boom, boom.
Everything right in a line,
everything confirmed,
everything out in the open for us to
appreciate, to learn from, to embrace,
to accept, to enjoy.
Here it is.
He would come to know that there are
two men, three to some extent.
They would do this very thing,
that the death of their physical bodies,
the maith,
This process of mortal demise would cause
Yahowah, from his perspective,
to view these most reliable and devoted
ones, the ram, the bull, then the goat,
dote, yada, and ElYah.
the most exceedingly rare and therefore
treasured and respected for their
intrinsic worth for what they are offering
and how uniquely important and significant
it is with them willing to part with
their physical bodies.
The fact that God appreciates this is a
little bit,
Well, amazing for me to see because, well,
normal people would value their physical
bodies above all else and would see that
someone offering to sacrifice their
physical body would be the greatest of all
gifts that could be offered.
And yet what they don't know is
is that that physical body,
while painful in its demise,
is disposable.
It's replaceable.
It's the soul that matters.
And so Yahowah is valuing the souls that
are willing to do this,
knowing that it costs them nothing but
some trust and some pain while they
return.
is highly influential, highly valued,
honorable, has tremendous intrinsic worth.
It is yaqar.
And those who are willing to do so
are chacyd, reliable, devoted,
set apart from others.
Powerful insight.
I don't know if my words are sufficient
to convey its import.
But I certainly understand it,
resonates deep within me.
I hope it's appreciated by others.
Dowd clearly came to understand that this
is the ultimate response.
You know, when Yahowah says,
I want the three things from you,
I want you to be observant,
I want you to be responsive,
and I want you to be reliable,
that there is no greater example of that.
than Dowd's fulfillment of the spring
Miqra'ey, Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
Second onto that would be my fulfillment
of the fall Miqra'ey.
And ElYah making a sacrifice as well.
So it is exceedingly rare.
And obviously that's understated,
three people among, well,
there've been a hundred billion humans.
There are only three.
whose physical bodies are sacrificed for
the greater good of the covenant family.
And two of the three were likely standing
together when Dowd wrote these words,
as we will be again,
seven years after me sharing them with
you,
because that's when we will celebrate Yowm
Kipurym in year six thousand, yeah.
October second of twenty thirty three as
the sun sets in Jerusalem,
the city of Dowd.
By making this prophetic pronouncement,
our king has come to realize that the
Basar,
the physical body into which his nephesh
soul would be inserted in year four
thousand YAH,
would be slain during the fulfillment of
Pesach,
as the al lamb and he also knew
that he would not be alone since maweth
and chasyd were both conveyed in the
plural forms he foresaw that the other
would be the Adamah Parah the man
as the productive bull and this is from
the exp
explanations at Bamidbar XIX,
such that he would be the Dowd,
would be the groom in the fulfillment of
Bamidbar V.
He came to appreciate the roles of the
ram, the bull,
and the goat as presented in Bamidbar
Numbers XV,
affirming that by being chasyd, devoted,
and reliable.
We would all become yaqar, respected,
influential, highly regarded,
and the eyes of YAH.
We observed and came to know.
We thought and came to understand.
We responded and added value.
And in the end,
we demonstrated that we could be relied
upon.
That's all YAH was asking.
emphasizing and requesting this earnestly
seeking this opportunity that will occur
Yahowah indeed it is true i am your
co-worker i am your servant i am the
son of your ‘Amah productive mother
You have responded to open and release
that which pertains to my bonds,
freeing me from losing self-control
through disciplined instructions.
My shackles, my fetters,
my chains representing correction through
a stern rebuke pursuant to resolve a just
penalty.
because of the warning,
by way of the axioms for life,
words that changed the future conduct of
my life.
A lot more so, Ronnie.
Psalm 116:16
You know, sometimes I wonder,
when I read these kinds of things,
excuse me,
She's really, Asher again,
really got into a bad episode of cutting
herself again on her paws.
I've never seen her quite as vicious in
doing so,
so I'm trying to get her attention away
from it.
The distraction is what she needed.
As I was saying,
sometimes I wonder if I have the words,
if I can...
convey to you the import of what we're
reading here and how profound this is,
how affirming this is of really the
greatest discovery in human history.
Heretofore,
no one knew that God was the Messiah
and Son of God who became our savior.
by fulfilling the spring Miqra'ey.
And no one knew how Dowd came to
realize that this was his calling in life.
But I did.
And I not only proved it,
I shared this with you.
And here now,
we realize then reading this that the man
who was
so distraught and a alcoholic and stupor
of depression for having made a horrific
series of choices only to lash out and
blame God for the mess he had made
for himself was now completely recovered.
He knew exactly who he was.
He knew how he had
regained his presence with Yahowah.
And he knew exactly what he was going
to do.
And not only did he know that he
was going to be among those who offered
his physical body for the salvation of the
covenant family,
he now was chomping at the bit.
He wanted to do this.
The moment he appreciated the fullness of
this opportunity,
For him to complete the job.
For him to be all that God had
seen in him.
For him to save his people.
He was saying, I'm emphasizing this.
I'm requesting this.
I earnestly seek this opportunity and I
know that it's going to occur, Yahowah.
Because indeed it's true that I am exactly
what has been said of me.
I am your coworker.
I am your servant.
I am the son of your ‘Amah,
of your productive mother.
Wow.
When you read that in conjunction with
what we have just considered, I mean,
it's the fulfillment of everything that I
have learned that is important and shared
with you over the last five years.
Really, it's that important.
Powerful.
You have responded to open and release
that which pertains to my bonds,
freeing me from losing self-control
through disciplined instruction.
Yes, Yahowah sent his Amah to Dowd.
We read all about that intervention in the
last Mashal, the thirty-first Proverbs.
And now, following that,
we know that that was the first of
two.
In that meeting,
the ‘Amah confronted Dowd about his
alcoholism.
She confronted him about his fixation on
the flesh.
She confronted him about his depression.
And she told him that, you know,
you are way too important,
way too special to your people, to God,
to me,
to continue to wallow in your present
fallen state.
She garnered Dowd's attention.
She lifted him out of depression.
And then
I was able to present the Eighty-Ninth
Mizmowr,
systematically revealing exactly who Dowd
is, who Yahowah is,
and even who I am.
It's all there.
It is where he came to these conclusions.
It's why he made these statements.
And it is how Yahowah released him from
the bonds that he had imposed upon himself
as a result of him losing self-control
because he was offered discipline
instruction.
Well,
this is the same message echoed for the
same reason
as I have shared in the Eighty-Sixth
Mizmowr.
And it's the same message throughout that
is conveyed in the Eighty-Ninth.
But Dowd had repeatedly referred,
or Yahowah had repeatedly referred to Dowd
as his Ebed co-worker,
saying this over and over again in the
glorious song to his son,
the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr.
And now Dowd was prepared.
Indeed, he was eager.
He wanted to live up to his calling.
He couldn't wait for the opportunity that
he knew would come.
And let's acknowledge, yes,
let's celebrate the realization that just
as is the case with Psalm
This was all possible because Yahowah
presented the ‘Amah,
the most productive mother to his son,
Dowd.
She began the process of releasing the
king from his self-imposed shackles.
She would teach him all about
self-control.
Hers would be disciplined instruction.
But you notice three times in the,
last word picture it is said specifically
that she was there with her bail they
would work at this together as a result
of this statement it is now incumbent upon
us not only to explore the whole of
the eighty-sixth song while re-examining
the eighty-ninth ms more with fresh eyes
from an entirely new perspective
know i had thought that there had to
be something that commemorated year three
thousand yeah
Though, quite frankly,
the years that are important are
Forty Yowbel.
Forty Yowbel from the expulsion from Eden is,
And Yowbel year, four thousand.
Yeah.
And Forty Yowbel from that point is when
Dowd returns.
Year twenty thirty three.
Fulfilling Yowm Kipurym after we provide
restitution on Taruwah,
making Sukah possible.
And so the midpoint in all of that
time isn't a grand celebration of the
date, and we are so close to it.
And I had thought that maybe the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
as powerful as it is,
was God's cornerstone, if you will,
that it was delivered at the same time
that the cornerstone was laid for the
temple that Solomon would be constructing
beginning in year...
Yeah, nine sixty eight B.C.
in completing seven years.
They're right there after.
But that's not the case.
Close, but not the case.
And I had thought that.
That.
Ethan ha 'Ezrachy?
was a description of the attitude that was
necessary to scribe this,
but that for the most part,
the eighty-ninth Mizmowr was God speaking
to his son, and that's partly true,
but the role that Ethan ha 'Ezrachy plays
in that psalm is considerable.
And it has become absolutely obvious based
upon the text of this Mizmowr
the one-sixteenth alongside the horrible
nature of the fifty-first following the
thirty-first proverb that it was the
eighty-ninth Mizmowr that turned out
around.
And so it was delivered to him sometime
between
Well,
he'd been fifty six years old and the
Bathsheba incident,
I suspect after the Absalom rebellion.
And when it was presented to him.
This is the result.
And whether it was the last four years
or eight years of his life.
God got his act together.
This is the Dowd that we've come to
know and love.
This is the Dowd that is the one
who fulfilled the Spring Miqra'ey.
This is the King that will return in
year twenty thirty-three,
year six thousand, Yah.
This is the Dowd that we have celebrated
and have been honored to burnish his
resume,
that we have reintroduced to his people in
the world for all he has accomplished.
And while I've always thought of the
eighty-ninth song as Dowd's song,
as a celebration of all that he
represents, and it is that,
it is also the impetus for him becoming
the man that we admire.
So if I may go one step further
in light of all of this and the
Thirty-First Mashal,
we would be wise to consider every
proverb,
realizing that most of them were written
by a father and mother,
a husband and wife,
on behalf of their son,
in light of all that Yahowah intended for
them.
And in that regard,
as we move forward and we consider the
co-author of the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
will find that according to God,
he is also the author of the Mashal,
thirty of thirty-one, and one song,
the eighty-ninth.
If not for the fact that religious and
societal recalcitrance,
particularly among the chosen people,
remains a formidable barrier to penetrate.
I would and could rest my case with
these previous and this next prophetic
expression from the chosen Messiah and
King, Dowd.
Yes, Dowd fulfilled Passover as the lamb.
The statement reads,
on your behalf and for you,
I will absolutely become the sacrificial
offering.
Zabach, Zabach.
I am the sacrifice and it's me who
will be butchered.
Thankful for the opportunity while
conveying appreciation.
And in the name of Yahowah,
I will be summoned and read aloud,
called out and welcomed.
as I have always been appointed to the
Miqra'ey.
Psalm one, sixteen, seventeen.
There it is.
Dowd, who the world knows as David,
the Messiah and King,
the very son of God, the chosen one.
He fulfilled Passover.
The disposable body his soul carried at
the time served as the lamb.
He was grateful for the opportunity
because it pleased his father.
It served his people.
It engendered the trust he would need to
be king forevermore.
Well,
I was alone after twenty five centuries of
denial.
in recognizing Dowd's fulfillment of the
Miqra'ey through his sacrificial offering and
remain among the few who acknowledge it.
And all who do have learned what they
have learned based upon what I discovered.
One individual can make that kind of
difference.
So within seven years,
all who survive will know what we have
come to recognize.
our King Dowd,
will be acclaimed for having been
appointed to the Miqra'ey.
He will be celebrated as the tree of
lives,
and it will be the tree of knowledge
who takes the world to him.
The single most important line throughout
this Mizmowr is the one being repeated and
reinforced at the close of Dowd's song to
his father.
It reads,
my binding promise and offering to Yahowah,
I will honor.
I will complete,
totally satisfying and fulfilling.
Shalem,
I will finish bringing to fruition.
emphatically doing so,
conspicuously and all earnestness as a
corresponding counterpart,
publicly in front of all of his people,
Mizmowr
Song, Psalm, one, sixteen, eighteen.
He did.
We are the beneficiaries.
Now let's tell the world.
Within the courtyard,
and city of the house of Yahowah in
your midst jerusalem source of instruction
on reconciliation hallelujah shine
Yahowah's light we have leon aQara looking
on from the other side of the camera
again i say yes yes yes yes i
was right and now you can be too
let's review the hundred and sixteenth
once again it began by saying i am
in love
I'm devoted to a close personal
relationship.
Thank you, Amah.
You're the one who encouraged Dowd to
start thinking,
feeling in an entirely different plane
than he had been previously playing.
I'm in love.
I'm devoted to a close personal
relationship.
Indeed.
Yahowah, he has heard my voice.
considering me favorably and
affectionately.
Surely, he inclined his ear to me,
doing so during my days,
as I will be summoned and called,
proclaimed and invited during the Miqra'ey.
A boisterous procession of the plague of
death, even the snares of injury,
even as the body dies,
will for a time encompass me,
swirling all around me.
And the anguishing distress and troubling
ordeal, even of Sheowl, hell,
will one day find me,
attaining and possessing me.
I will have met, up with, and experienced
confining agony and a restrictive and
emotionally distressful situation and
vexing and annoying affliction,
frustrating, suffering.
And there it is.
He knows he's going to fulfill Passover.
He knows that his body will serve as
the lamb.
He knows that his nephesh soul is going
into Sheowl.
to fulfill Matsah.
And he knows that he will be released
during the celebration of Bikuwrym.
With the name of Yahowah,
I called out and during the Miqra'ey,
I will be summoned.
Let it happen, Yahowah.
You and I both emphatically want you to
deliver my soul and save through my
consciousness.
Yahowah is compassionate and correct.
Our God is loving.
Yahowah observes,
watching over the open-minded and
receptive, the amenable and approachable,
who can be persuaded.
I was barely hanging on and in need,
fading away, dangling by a thread.
Therefore, concerned for me, he saved me.
My nephesh soul decided to return and has
been restored to your home and your
restful abode to recuperate.
Indeed, it is true, Yahowah,
has weaned and raised you,
providing recompense through you.
He's speaking of his soul.
It's true.
You have at this moment in time undressed
and removed my nephesh soul from dying,
my eyes from tears,
and thus my feet from stumbling.
I will walk independently,
progressing through life unaffected by any
societal influence,
alongside the presence of Yahowah in the
land and on earth for those living more
than one life,
I became trustworthy and reliable.
I regained my credibility,
becoming dependable.
As a result of communicating,
I was terribly afflicted and depressed,
and now I am totally responsive
I myself said in my sorrowful depression
and alarming condition with my hasteful
disappointment and my impetuous anxiety,
my panic and dismay, everybody lies.
The entirety of the human race is
dishonest and delusional.
What?
When?
Where?
Why?
And how will I return to Yahowah?
for all of his goodness, his generosity,
and all of these advantages and benefits
to me?
The answer, the cup of Yashayah,
of deliverance and salvation.
I will lift up and carry.
I will bear to provide salvation.
And with and in the name of Yahowah,
I will be summoned and called.
I will be read aloud and welcomed
as I am appointed to the Miqra'ey.
My promise and offering to Yahowah,
I will complete.
Totally satisfying and fulfilling the
purpose.
Conspicuously and in all earnestness,
as a corresponding counterpart,
publicly before all of his people,
and so exceedingly rare and influential,
highly valued and honored,
treasured and respected for their
intrinsic worth.
In the eyes of Yahowah is the death
of the physical bodies of his Chesed,
his reliable and devoted ones.
Emphasizing and requesting this,
earnestly seeking this opportunity that I
know will occur.
Yahowah, indeed, it is true.
I am your coworker.
I am your servant.
I am the son of your ‘Amah,
productive mother.
You have responded to open and release
that which pertains to my bonds,
freeing me from losing self-control.
through disciplined instruction,
on your behalf and for you,
I will absolutely become the sacrificial
offering.
Thankful for the opportunity while
conveying appreciation.
And in the name of Yahowah,
I will be summoned and I will be
read aloud,
called out and welcomed as I have always
been appointed to the Miqra'ey.
Well,
my binding promise and offering to Yahowah
is that I will honor and complete totally
satisfying and fulfilling emphatically and
conspicuously as a corresponding
counterpart publicly in front of all of
his people within the courtyard and city
beside the walls of the house of Yahowah
in your midst.
SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION ON RECONCILIATION.
HALLELUJAH.
SHINE.
YAHWEH'S LIGHT.
Mizmowr SONG, PSALM.
ONE SIXTEEN FROM BEGINNING TO END.
MY LIFE'S WORK IS DONE.
IT IS COMPLETE.
at least in this phase.
Thank you for listening.
Good evening.
Hey there, thanks for tuning in.
That was Fetch.
Gotta run now.
Catch y'all on our next podcast.